Add old memory configuration (#1108)
n8n-io/n8n-docs: docs/flow-logic/error-handling/memory-errors.md

Splitting the workflow might seem counter-intuitive at first as it usually requires adding at least two additional nodes: the [Split In Batches](/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.splitinbatches/) node to split up the items into smaller batches and the [Execute Workflow](/integrations/builtin/core-nodes/n8n-nodes-base.executeworkflow/) node to start the sub-workflow.

However, as long as your sub-workflow does the heavy lifting for each batch and then returns only a very small result set to the main workflow, the memory consumption is significantly reduced. This is because the sub-workflow only holds the data for the current batch in memory, after which the memory is freed again.

### Increase old memory

> This only applies to self-hosting n8n. When encountering `JavaScript heap out of memory` errors, it is often useful to allocate additional memory to the old memory section of the V8 JavaScript engine. This can be achieved by setting the appropriate [V8 option](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--max-old-space-sizesize-in-megabytes) `--max-old-space-size=SIZE` either through the CLI or through the `NODE_OPTIONS` [environment variable](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#node_optionsoptions).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
This only applies to self-hosting n8n. When encountering **JavaScript heap out of memory** errors, it is often useful to allocate additional memory to the old memory section of the V8 JavaScript engine. To do this, set the appropriate [V8 option](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#--max-old-space-sizesize-in-megabytes){:target=_blank .external-link} `--max-old-space-size=SIZE` either through the CLI or through the `NODE_OPTIONS` [environment variable](https://nodejs.org/api/cli.html#node_optionsoptions){:target=_blank .external-link}.
```
